Hello everyone.
Here in this section,
we're going to go over C programming.
>> And so, we're going to jump
straight into the pros and
cons of C programming here.
The first big advantage of C
programming is it's very portable, so
you can write C programming in one system,
and easily transfer it to another system.
The next big thing is that it
has extensive library use.
So basically,
C programming is used everywhere.
And that mean there's
a lot of developers on C.
And the next implication of that, is that
there's a lot of library use for that.
So, if you wanna write a piece
of code to do something,
you might not actually have to write it.
You can just import a library,
cuz someone else might have
already written it for you.
And the last thing you have
there is systems programming.
So it's procedural oriented.
This is another big difference
between object oriented programming.
Because it's based more around usage,
specific usage type programming,
where object oriented is
based more on implementation.
>> So finally, we have like
a mid-level programming language.
It's efficient, but
it's not as efficient as say like ARM.
Yeah.
>> But it's,
at the same time it's
not difficult to write.
>> Yes.
>> We have things like,
that's not automated is memory
management so it's a bit annoying.
Makes it a bit more difficult.
But we don't have to manage our registers.
So it makes it a bit easier.
That's why, in the middle.
>> And
then the first disadvantage we have,
there's no object oriented programming.
This really is a big disadvantage here,
because for every use,
you need to come up with
specific implementations.
>> And in object oriented programming,
you can just create a very abstract
implementation and
apply it to many different uses.
>> Like more general.
>> Yes.
More general.
>> So and then finally we have
very loose type tricking.
So this is basically saying like,
you wanted an integer argument for
some kind of function you wrote.
But someone throws in a character.
And since everything is stored in bits and
bytes,
your computer might read that character
as an integer for some reason.
>> And you might have really
weird output at the end.
>> And in high-level programming,
it'll throw you an error saying, hey,
we need an integer,
you're throwing in a character.
But in mid-level programming like C,
you might be able to get away with that.
So that wraps up the pros and
cons of C programming.
And with that,
we'll see you in the next video.